WI #617: Proposal for data included in a FOCUS dataset (#838)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

<a name="glossary:FOCUS-dataset"><b>FOCUS Dataset</b></a>

> A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets or exceeds the "MUST" and "SHOULD" criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset should include custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets the [BCP14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset should include custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.
```

> A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets the [BCP14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset includes custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.

Reviewer 2: As discussed in TF1 Mar 25.

```suggestion
A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets the [BCP14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset should include custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.
```

> A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets the [BCP14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset should include custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.

Author: @ijurica Does this cover what you were thinking? Not sure if we need to put "must" given it's not normative, but fine either way.
```suggestion
A structured collection of cost and usage data that meets the [BCP14](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp14) criteria defined by FOCUS. In addition to FOCUS columns, the dataset includes custom provider columns (prefixed with `x_`) when these columns provide additional information not captured by the existing FOCUS columns. If introducing a custom column could result in splitting original charge records into multiple entries, the data generator is responsible for ensuring that the FOCUS dataset fully conforms to all aggregation-related requirements for metric columns, particularly those concerning costs and quantities.
```
